add argument for `ofrak gui` command to load files as Resources (#266)
redballoonsecurity/ofrak: ofrak_core/CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/) and adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased](https://github.com/redballoonsecurity/ofrak/tree/master)
### Added

> - Add option to ofrak gui to pre-load some files into OFRAK before opening the GUI, so they can be explore right away ([#266](https://github.com/redballoonsecurity/ofrak/pull/266))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add option to `ofrak gui` command to pre-load some files into OFRAK before opening the GUI, so they can be explored right away ([#266](https://github.com/redballoonsecurity/ofrak/pull/266))
```
